All right so this lecture here I want to fix a couple of links on the site so that we can move around
a little easier.
So this link right here is taking us to the home page.
If I click on this link anywhere I am it going to take me to the home page too.
But we need to change the name.
And I also need to change this link here and this link here.
Right so we need to change those.
So let's go to category we're just fixing up a little bit here.
So the first thing is to go to the navigation and we have Star boosters right here.
Let's just change this to see a mess front.
For example we don't have to be that specific.
Right.
And here the CMS admin is taking between that step actually a mousehole I am on admin includes admin
underscored navigation that BHB and we're going to change this too.
And that's the and it's BHB we have another link
right.
So let's check on that real quick.
Admen then we have this dashboard that we need to fix.
So this one this fits that for the one that fits.
So that would be an obligation somewhere here.
Dashboard we can also look at if we can find it for some reason is right here in that stuff BHB.
So let's check that out.
Oops that's for.
That's all right.
All right.
So everything is looking good here.
Perfect.
All right.
So another thing that I want to do also is that we want to check this here.
We want to do that syrup on this kind of description right here.
So let's do it at the end it's and let's do a net search on the category page.
And when I say serve I mean like we're going to truncate that tets right now is too long right here
to show this an A in that right.
Like we need to show just a little bit of content.
So let's go ahead and do have a little function here and we're going to go to where is it and it's and
here and this is of course the home page right.
So we're going to do a little function here it's called substring sup.
This is a string function so string of SDR.
And we are going to be closing everything there all this content here.
And then we are going to separate is a little bit and we're going to say we want the stream to be separated
from 0 characters to 50.
So that's going to make this a little bit smaller as you can see right here.
Asias minimize it to 50.
We could say probably a little more from 0 to 100.
And that will help it out.
All right.
That will help this out.
Actually let's check out some more current and let's see if.
All right.
Right here you see that it just cut the lowering ipsum there to 100 characters.
Perfect.
So now we got to get the same function we're going to do this to the category page.
This is go in and do it in the category in the category which is right here on the CMOS and up here.
Let's just Baystate and perfect category page done.
All right.
So we click on it.
We get this everything is truncated to you see that perfit.
So anyway thank you so much for watching and hopefully you're able to do this with me and hopefully
keep you keep enjoying the course.
All right.
So take care and I see you in the next lecture